i've taken well over 100 flights and
still look forward to every single one
it's uninterrupted time to watch movies
read eat sleep think or whatever the
heck you like to do it could also be
rather terrible with you feeling anxious
and trapped at 30 000 feet in the air if
you aren't prepared let's avoid that
here are 10 super easy simple things
that you can do to make your next flight
the best flight
[Music]
this first point is so important once
you find your seat make sure that you
store your carry-on luggage in the bin
directly above you or in front of you
trust me when it comes time to get off
the plane you do not want your luggage
to be stuck in an overhead bin behind
you because you will need to wait for
all of those people that are sitting
further back to get off the plane before
you are able to go back there get your
carry-on luggage and de-plane yourself
and before you even board the plane make
sure you pack your carry-on
strategically with a mini carry-on this
is going to be the best way to optimize
the space at your seat i always have a
small bag inside my main carry-on with
things that i want for the flight this
includes my phone eye mask earplugs
water bottles snacks gum toothbrush
toothpaste and headphones so grab your
mini carry-on store your larger carry-on
in the overhead bin and get cozy without
that big bag taking up all of your foot
space speaking of headphones you are
going to want to bring wired headphones
with you i know who still has wired
headphones these days when we're all
carrying around these airpods the answer
should be you especially if you plan to
fly in the near future because they are
not always given out for free on flights
these days so if you do want to use the
entertainment device on the seatback and
watch all of the new movies you will
need to bring your own set of headphones
or be prepared to pay at least five
dollars for a pair of rather terrible
headphones like i did on my last flight
last week from cancun to dubai five
dollars for these
and the headphones that you buy on the
plane end up having two prongs you do
not need headphones like this the prong
actually folds down and then you plug
into the entertainment device with just
one so any old pair of wired headphones
that you can pick up before your flight
with just one prong like this is going
to work just fine with the seat back
entertainment system also these
headphones that i got from euro rings on
my flight from cancun to dubai last week
were also extremely terrible and i could
barely hear anything that i was watching
on the screen until i took noise
cancelling headphones and put them on
top of the earbuds so if you fly often
tip number four is to invest in a pair
of noise cancelling headphones even if
you don't want to watch a movie you can
put them on top of your airpods to
cancel out airplane noise or you could
even put them over earplugs to get some
sleep or meditate and hear absolutely
nothing around you if you don't already
own a pair of noise cancelling
headphones check out a used marketplace
like facebook marketplace or craigslist
and see if you can get a pair used at a
cheaper price for your next flight you
also don't want to be relying on a
backseat entertainment system to keep
you occupied during your flight not that
many great movies have come out over the
past few years and many budget airlines
don't even have tv screens for you
anymore if you are signed up to one of
the 100 streaming services like disney
plus or netflix you can download movies
or episodes of your favorite shows to
your phone your tablet or your laptop to
watch offline if you do want to download
any content make sure you do it before
you leave your home the free wi-fi that
you can connect to at the airport is
probably not going to allow you to
download content especially not at the
speed that you would need it to while
you're waiting to board your flight in
addition to movies and tv shows you can
also consider downloading podcasts or
audio books to your phone something else
i like to do is to download actual books
it's a nice backup to have books audio
books and podcasts available even if you
end up watching a movie 90 of the time
comment down below what the last movie
was that you watched on an airplane i
watched cruella it was cute i like emma
stone something else to know if you are
flying this year that wouldn't have been
a problem a few years ago is that you
need to bring the correct charging cord
with you that is going to accept usbc if
you plan to charge your phone or any
other devices while you're on the plane
and since so many of us are going to be
relying on our phone to show documents
or even to book an uber when we arrive
you're probably going to want to charge
your phone during the flight every
airplane i have ever been on has a usbc
charging port so that means that your
charger has to have
a it has to look like this usb c this is
important to know and plan ahead for if
you do have a fancy usba charging cord
for your phone like i do in addition to
the standard usbc charging slot there is
also a plug that is often found
underneath your seat so you could always
bring a plug with you and then charge
your devices that way as opposed to
using the usbc charging slot on my most
recent flight the under seat plug did
not actually have any power running
through it and the flight attendant let
me know that it's very common for these
to be out of order in this case i also
had an adapter that was going to adapt
usb c a to usb c
c at which point i could charge my phone
if you're curious about what plugs and
amenities you're going to have at your
exact seat on your specific flight
definitely check out seekthrough
seatguru is a free website that's going
to show you exactly what you're going to
have at your seat to help you prepare
for your flight something that surprised
me on a recent flight from cancun to
frankfurt was that there were no
blankets provided even though the cabin
temperature still went sub-zero the next
tip is to prepare for all temperatures
by dressing in layers i often even bring
a winter toque with me even if i'm
flying from one warm destination to
another depending on the airline that
you're flying with it really can get
that cold while you're up in the air
even though there were no blankets
available those little pillows were
still provided at every seat if you
haven't tried putting it on your lower
back
very nice try it i have also noticed
that airline food is going downhill and
sometimes even on long-haul flights not
even provided to you for free so instead
of paying 15 for a disappointing meal on
the airplane with a very limited
selection i would recommend that you
pick something up at the airport that
you love and then bring it on the plane
with you instead you can bring any food
or drinks purchased after the airport
security checkpoint with you right onto
the plane with no limits or restrictions
you can also bring food and snacks from
home but remember that they will need to
go through airport security at which
point they're subject to the liquid
limit so you will need to make sure that
any food items brought from home are not
considered a liquid by tsa security so
this could be obvious things like soups
but also less obvious things like mashed
potatoes i don't know who considers
mashed potatoes a liquid but you
probably can't bring it through security
once you're up in the air and the seat
belt sign has been turned off make sure
you get up and walk around at least
every couple of hours there are often
spaces in between the cabins where you
have some room to do a little bit of
stretching as well trust me you will
feel so much better after a long flight
if you just take a few minutes every few
hours to get some movement in a bonus is
that you can walk around and see if
there are any better seats for you to
snag that potentially have a free road
with them and one of my favorite things
on many long haul flights is that at the
back of the plane there's often a
refreshment station with snacks water
and various other drinks available for
you to grab so take a walk to the back
of the plane and you might be pleasantly
surprised by what you find there and
even if there's nothing there well you
got some steps in and you're going to
feel better when you land this next
point is a good one too that you may not
think about set an alarm on your phone
for about two and a half hours before
you land you'll want to set the alarm
you land because it's about two hours
before landing that the airplane lights
are going to turn back on drinks are
going to be served and everyone is going
to be waking up and once everyone is
waking up and getting these drinks
getting ready for landing they are all
going to be rushing to the bathroom by
having an alarm set for two and a half
hours you have that extra 30 minute
window where you can get up brush your
teeth freshen up use the washroom before
the rush of everyone else trying to do
the same thing there are so many more
tips that i would love to cram into this
video but i will cut it off there for
today leave an airplane emoji down below
if you made it all the way to the end i
see you i appreciate you and then i hope
you'll subscribe so you can join us back
here for more travel tips next week safe
travels and i'll see you soon bye